bluetooth: adv_prov: Change bond count to pairing mode (#8835)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme`:

  * Changed :c:member:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state.bond_cnt` to :c:member:`bt_le_adv_prov_adv_state.pairing_mode`.

>     The information if the advertising device is looking for a new peer is more meaningful for the Bluetooth LE data providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The information about whether the advertising device is looking for a new peer is more meaningful for the Bluetooth LE data providers.
```
